Clean reusable blocks (Close #35) (#616)
snowplow/documentation: docs/enriching-your-data/available-enrichments/index.md

---
title: "Available enrichments"
sidebar_position: 20
---

> Snowplow offers a large number of enrichments that can be used to enhance your event data. An enrichment either updates or populates fields of the [atomic](https://github.com/snowplow/iglu-central/blob/master/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.snowplow/atomic/jsonschema/1-0-0) event or adds a [self-describing](https://snowplowanalytics.com/blog/2014/05/15/introducing-self-describing-jsons/) context to [derived_contexts](https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-scala-analytics-sdk/blob/2.1.0/src/main/scala/com.snowplowanalytics.snowplow.analytics.scalasdk/Event.scala#L165).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowplow offers a large number of enrichments that can be used to enhance your event data. Most enrichments attach data to the event as [entities](...), although some enrichments fill or modify event fields directly.
```
Or something like that
